Update nms and docs (#137)
huggingface/optimum-amd: docs/source/ryzenai/usage_guides/pipelines.mdx

        'score': 0.408765971660614}]
```

> ## Inference with RyzenAI models from the HuggingFace hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Inference with RyzenAI models from the Hugging Face Hub
```
